[MUSIC]
Welcome to Data Driven Decision Making,
the first course in Data Analysis and
Presentation Skills, the PWC approach.
I'm Mike Fenlon and I serve as
the global talent leader at PWC.
>> And I'm Amity Millhiser, and
I'm the chief clients officer for PWC.
In this first course,
you'll engage in a high level exploration
of the field of data and analytics.
You'll hear from some of our
PWC leaders in the area and
learn how they applied data and
analytics to solve real client issues.
Through a series of videos, readings,
assessments, a practice simulation and
a course project, you'll explore key
topic areas in data and analytics.
>> In week one, you'll learn how
organizations use the data and
analytics framework to solve problems.
We'll talk about the different careers and
roles in the field and you'll begin
to explore some of the technology and
tools that are impacting how
we capture and use data.
>> Week two focuses on the different types
of data available that are used to solve
problems.
You'll learn more about emerging
trends in data and we'll get into
the differences between structured,
unstructured, and semi-structured data.
In week three,
the focus shifts to how data is analyzed.
We'll talk about the different
types of analysis you can perform.
And then we'll go into a high level
introduction to some of the tools
that are used like R, Python,
Tableau, QlikView, Excel, and SAS.
Finally, you'll find out how to create
visualizations that let your data and
insights tell a story.
You'll also have the opportunity
to apply what you have learned
in an interactive course simulation and
course project.
These tools and skills will enable
you to extract insight from data and
communicate those insights
with simplicity and clarity.
>> We're sure you'll find this course
an insightful introduction to data and
analytics that will encourage you
to continue on in data analysis and
presentation skills.
The PWC approach specialization,
where you will have an opportunity to
further develop and apply data and
analytic skills to solve problems.
At the end of each week, Mike and
I will be back to give you a recap of what
you learned and share our perspectives.
Thanks for joining us.
[MUSIC]